Maxana Privacy Policy
Updated February 14th, 2022
‍
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to www.maxana.net (the “Website”), which is owned and operated by Snap Credit, Inc. d/b/a/ Maxana (“Maxana,” “Us,”or We”). The Website facilitates our business loan products and related services (collectively “Services”). This Privacy Policy describes how Maxana collects and uses the personal information you provide (directly or through third parties), or which is automatically generated, when you interact with the Website.
This Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update such information. For purposes of this Policy, “Personal Information” means information that personally identifies you, including your contact information, IP address, and loan application information. A large portion of the Personal Information we collect, use, share, and store is sensitive in nature, including your social security number and financial account information (“Sensitive Personal Information”).
All business loans and lines of credit issued by First Electronic Bank (“FEB”), a Utah chartered Industrial Bank are subject to FEB’s Privacy Policy. Maxana is not responsible for the privacy practices of FEB who maintains their own Privacy Policy located here. Users that receive an FEB issued loan or line of credit using Maxana’s Site or Services are also subject to the Privacy Policy and disclosures of FEB.
Information We Collect
We may collect the following information from you:
·       Contact information such as your name, business name, email address, mailing address, and phone number;
·       Business information including company size, and business type (if applicable).
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect to:
·       Compile, save, use and analyze your Personal Information in both a personally-identifiable form and an aggregated, non-personally identifiable form;
·       Operate, maintain, improve, and provide to you the Service and to conduct our business;
·       Verify your identity and conduct appropriate diligence;
·       Communicate with you to send order confirmations, respond to customer service requests, send marketing communications, and send account update notifications;
Privacy and Sharing of Information
Maxana will share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. We will not sell your Personal Information to third parties. 
We will provide your Personal Information to our trusted business partners, service providers and subsidiaries and affiliates to provide services to help us with our business activities, such as offering customer service, processing credit checks or secure data storage, facilitating payments, and other similar services. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these types of services to us or as described in their respective privacy policies. In addition, we may share your basic information (name, company name, phone number, email address and requested loan amount) with one of our business partners to market their services to you, provided, however, if you do not want us to share your Personal Information in these circumstances with these business partners, please contact us to opt out by email at support@Maxana.com or by mail at the contact information listed below.  In addition, we may also share General Information for the same reasons as we provide Personal Information and for business partners and others to conduct analyses and research and track marketing or other performance.
Some of our pages utilize framing or white-labeling techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Website. For example, our Careers page utilizes white-labeling techniques. Please be aware that in these instances you are providing your Personal Information to these third parties and not to Maxana.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
·       As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, including in a bankruptcy proceeding;
·       When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a request from a governmental entity;
·       If Maxana is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or equity, in which case, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information; and
·       To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
User Access and Choices
By using the Services, you consent to the terms and conditions found within this Policy and to our processing, collecting, and sharing of personal information for the purposes identified within this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access, employ, or otherwise use the Services.
If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire our Service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, ask to have it removed from a public forum or testimonial on our Website or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support at support@Maxana.com or by contacting us by mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within 30 days. 
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as long as reasonably useful for commercial purposes. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 
·       Opt-OutPolicy
Maxana and our business partners may contact you to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails, telephone solicitations or other forms of contact from Maxana and our trusted business partners by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or by contacting us by email support@Maxana.com or by postal mail at the contact information listed below.

 
Tracking Technologies
Maxana and our partners (for example, our marketing partners), affiliates, or analytics or service providers, including our live chat, marketing trackers, and survey tool service providers use cookies or similar technologies. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Website, tracking users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. 
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for user authentication and analytics. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Website may be limited. If you would like to learn more about cookies or how to configure your browser, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
·       LogFiles
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you and to improve marketing, analytics, and Website functionality. 
·       BehavioralAdvertising/Re-Targeting
Security of Information
Maxana takes the security of your information very seriously. Your information is securely sent to Maxana with encryption over the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. This creates an encrypted connection between your browser and our  cloud hosted web servers.
Additional Information
·       Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Website may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Maxana. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. 
·       Testimonials
We may display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us by email at support@Maxana.com or by postal mail at the contact information listed below.
·       Social Media Widgets
Our Website may include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
·       Changes to This Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security of Information
If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us by email at support@Maxana.com, or with a letter by postal mail to:
 ATTN: Seth Bayles
10175 W Twain Ave, Suite 130.
Las Vegas, NV 89147 ‍
Opt-Out
Maxana and our business partners may contact you to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of these and other offers at any time. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails, telephone solicitations or other forms of contact from Maxana and our trusted business partners by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or by contacting us by email at support@Maxana.com or by postal mail at to:
 
ATTN: Seth Bayles
10175 W Twain Ave, Suite 130.
Las Vegas, NV 89147 ‍

